For the development of our project we wanted to use metrics from the widest range of subject matters to make the results more accurate.
  We started by choosing a big dataset with numerous attributes related to the topic of energy, this main dataset had to be partitioned by country and by year and ended up being www.kaggle.com/datasets/anshtanwar/global-data-on-sustainable-energy/data. In this set, along some useless data we removed, there are some metrics related to our case study: percentage of the population with access to electricity, total electricity generated from fossil fuels, total electricity generated from nuclear, total electricity generated from renewables, renewable electricity consumption per capita, CO2 emissions per capita.
  At First we wanted to replace the CO2 column with data from another ad hoc dataset but, upon further analysis of the data at hand, it was concluded it could perform well enough. We then tried taking the average temperature of countries from an agricoltural dataset but it ended up containing too few countries to be of any use, so it was scrapped as well.
   With the agricoltural dataset being removed we looked for another Kaggle entry with quality data on the average temperature by country in the time frame of our interest but we couldn't find any so we ended up setting on www.kaggle.com/datasets/jawadawan/global-warming-trends-1961-2022, a dataset with the average temperature increase by year, as it could fulfill the task anyway.
  As a final social metric we added the Human Development Index (for more info on the matter: hdr.undp.org/data-center/human-development-index#/indicies/HDI) from www.kaggle.com/datasets/gregorygeorge62/hdi-1990-2022.
  With the single sets being picked we removed all the useless attributes and formatted them so they could be joined in a single dataset. The last operation should have ben to group countries into regions but when we started doing so we realized the dataset had a GDP per capita attribute but no population data to scale it up to regional GDP per capita, so both a total GDP column (from www.kaggle.com/datasets/holoong9291/gdp-of-all-countries19602020) and a total country population column (from www.kaggle.com/datasets/ayushparwal2026/country-population-from-1960-to-2022) were added from other datasets.
  With the final dataset being made the last step was to group countries into regions. For this procedure we decided to choose both geographical and political components as partitioners as to capture the best juridical and social components that could effect the countries' data on climate change and their energy makeup. Some countries that couldn't fit in a region or were particularly important to our analysis were left free standing. This said, the following regions were selected: European Union, Central Asia, Northern Africa, Sub-Saharan Africa, Central and Southern America, Japan and Korea, Australia and New Zealand; meanwhile  the countries that were left out as singles are: United States, United Kingdom, India, China, Russia.